
<details className="config-field" data-expandable="false" open>
<summary>

##### `clusterIPs` <span className="config-field-required" data-required="false">required</span> <span className="config-field-type">string[]</span> <span className="config-field-default"></span> <span className="config-field-enum"></span> {#controlPlane-service-spec-clusterIPs}

ClusterIPs is a list of IP addresses assigned to this service, and are
usually assigned randomly.  If an address is specified manually, is
in-range (as per system configuration), and is not in use, it will be
allocated to the service; otherwise creation of the service will fail.
This field may not be changed through updates unless the type field is
also being changed to ExternalName (which requires this field to be
empty) or the type field is being changed from ExternalName (in which
case this field may optionally be specified, as describe above).  Valid
values are "None", empty string (""), or a valid IP address.  Setting
this to "None" makes a "headless service" (no virtual IP), which is
useful when direct endpoint connections are preferred and proxying is
not required.  Only applies to types ClusterIP, NodePort, and
LoadBalancer. If this field is specified when creating a Service of type
ExternalName, creation will fail. This field will be wiped when updating
a Service to type ExternalName.  If this field is not specified, it will
be initialized from the clusterIP field.  If this field is specified,
clients must ensure that clusterIPs[0] and clusterIP have the same
value.

This field may hold a maximum of two entries (dual-stack IPs, in either order).
These IPs must correspond to the values of the ipFamilies field. Both
clusterIPs and ipFamilies are governed by the ipFamilyPolicy field.
More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/services-networking/service/#virtual-ips-and-service-proxies

</summary>



</details>
